that's my word people who have these
justifications for eating meat you can
say them yeah you know what you're right
you're right what about cocaine all the
justifications you've given for why you
can't give up eating meat well you know
the pleasure you get out eating meat do
you really think that's more or less
than cocaine I think at at bottom the
root of all this you want to be a good
person or you want to think yourself as
a good person you would feel differently
about yourself if you were a coke addict
so you don't do it because you want to
be a good person and again even if their
challenge you if they say oh well you
know I read this study about you know
five percent difference in the rate of
cancer or something you say yeah you
know what you're right you take it you
know what hey I'm so happy for you that
you read some some [ __ ] article on
the internet debunking veganism now you
tell me why does it matter so much to me
and i can tell you i think it matters to
you for the same reasons I think you
have chosen not to be a crackhead for
fundamentally some of the same reasons
why I don't eat dead pigs we have
something in common there there's some
basic moral sensibility there that our
lives are not just about indulging in
pleasure and certain types of pleasures
change the way we think about ourselves
the way we feel about ourselves that's
my yo yo yo yo